Color meaning:
- WHITE - initializing, just wait
- GREEN - ready to go
- RED - Startup failed

This tool provides you with replacement animations like an AO, and we will use the term AO, but it's important to note that it actually uses the LL override animation function, and does not explicitly play the animations. This means it works within the system and does not conflict with moves!

It also provides some RLV assists for rotations. RLV must be active in your viewer for this to work.

To activate the AO, you must provide the animations that you want to use. You can provide as few or as many as you like - recommended are walk and run. The following are supported:

WALKANIM = 
RUNANIM = 
JUMPANIM = 
STANDUPANIM = 

Drop the animation into the HUD and fill in the name as appropriate. Put a # in front to ignore any line, or remove it if you want to activate the line. For example, this is what Sila's looks like:

WALKANIM = dz401-Walk.N
RUNANIM = dz281-Running
JUMPANIM = dz427-Jump.N
STANDUPANIM = dz429-Land.N (Adult)

NOTE: Most wrestling animations run at priority 4, so you need to use priority 3 or lower to avoid conflicting with moves. Since there's no stand override, this applies only to moving during a move. An easy way to test is to use the roll and make sure moving after you start the roll doesn't interrupt it.

The included gestures command the HUD to trigger RLV-based turns, so you must have RLV enabled on your viewer.

Right90 and Left90 will quickly turn you 90 degrees.
Left 180 will quickly turn you 180 degrees to the left (appropriate for ropeshoot)
TurnRopeShoot will turn 180 degrees, then play the ropeshoot anim and sound automatically.

Note that RLV aiming is imprecise - you may need to manually turn a little bit after the action to line up perfectly. In particular, there seems to be an RLV bug (at least in Firestorm) that uses different base rotations for left turns and right turns. So when practical, you may want to stick mostly to left turns - when you alternate it seems to produce a smaller turn.

Animations will persist even if you remove the HUD. If you want to reset your animations after you remove the HUD, just wear the "Reset Animations" HUD. It will do the reset and then automatically detach.

There is a built-in system for relaying promo text and the like.

PROMOCARD=<name of card in inventory>
PROMOCHAN=<channel, if not 0>

Just create a card with lines of text, and drop it in. Then add this line to the settings. Click the box and select "PROMO" to start the promo system, which will display as standard SL dialogs. You will see the text that is ready to come out, and may select to say it (it will be SHOUTed), previous, next, or cancel. If you cancel, it will remember its place for next time, so you can come back to it later.

For the sake of redirect and RP huds, you can also redirect to any channel with PROMOCHAN. If you don't specify this, it will be 0.

The card will skip over blank lines - but they will still take time to read, so don't go overboard.

Finally, there is also a built-in moves monitor that listens to both comms (63) and moves (67). By default it's on, click it to toggle. It will toggle through 8 modes that include comms or moves or both, on or off, and filtered (by group) or unfiltered. The default mode is both on, filtered. 

You can change the startup mode with:

listen=3

The number indicates the default setting, and can be from 0 to 7. Just add the values you want to enable:
- to listen to moves on 67, add 1
- to listen to comms on 63, add 2
- to disable the group filter and listen to anyone on those channels, add 4
